In my previous life, this roasted yellow worm cost a few dollars a bunch.
This price is almost the same as beef and mutton.
I love it
Mr. Gao, do you know that what you say is relevant?
Guanzhong Millions of Surnames
If something goes wrong
Not just you
Even if it's your entire Dingguo Kung Fu, you can't afford it
There are some things that Lord Gao still needs to be careful about
This could be what Nie Zi said
And they can read.
What the hell
That's it.
Your Majesty
The government of Chending is willing to use the house title deed as proof
Get some emperor bugs at a low price
Relieve pressure on the treasury
Er Chen is also willing to give his life experience to the royal family
The words of the rebellious son
High love is true
Your Majesty
The reverse son finally became a late bloomer
The Shame of Being a Father's Self-Destruction
If the imperial city is really poisonous
Then the silver will serve the country.
I guess His Majesty will not watch
Dingguo Kung Fu is full of starvation
I will not let my subjects bear the burden
Since all Aiqing have no way
Then come in the way of the lamb
Some things can only be known if you try them.
As for losses
I came out of my underwear
From your brother's panties
Is it that underwear?
Girl's private money
You scared me!
What you recorded in this ancient book during the Song Dynasty is true
That's just for a small number of non-toxic feuds
But most of the eggs in this level are from hell
As the Lamb said
You are a social and toxic feud
What's the solution to this?
The minister has a third way
Biological control
Natural enemies resist each other
Roast sheep natural enemies
This method has never been heard of
What do you mean?
All things in this world coexist and resist each other
Not just locusts
All other animals have natural enemies
For example, rats are afraid of cats
Rabbits are afraid of mice
Insects are afraid of frogs
A sudden outbreak of something in an area
Must be fewer natural enemies
Although this locust is strange
But you can't escape this pattern.
Biological control is based on this idea
This idea is there
Some meaning may really solve the danger in the customs
Elegant, what is biological control?
natural enemy reduction
The environment is suitable
This is a necessary condition for a yellow disaster to break out
We can't change the drought.
But
We can increase the wild predators of locusts
Chen's plan is to be in the Chang'an area
Gather 50,000 chickens and ducks in one day
Form a chicken-duck coalition
March on Guanzhong
This chicken?
They can feed on hundreds of locusts a day
This 50,000
That's 50 million locusts a day.
Even if you fold it in half
Millions could be wiped out that day
Well at the moment
The Guanzhong locusts have not yet broken out
Mostly eggs
Within a few days
It can be greatly reduced
Even if the yellow disaster does break out in the future
That's reduced by hundreds of millions.
Billions of them.
The harm has been greatly reduced.
This law minister would like to call him biological control
OK